(mysterious music)
This is a grimoire.
- Uh-huh. It's a very convenient
item that can forcibly
awaken new magic
within the reader.
Course, there's no
way of knowing exactly
what kind of magic it'll be.
- Ah, okay.
Honestly, an item, this precious
is wasted on the likes of me.
- I thought I made myself clear.
- Uh?
- [Aisha] If providing a
level boost is your only trick
you'll be a burden to the party.
- Mm
- Doesn't matter what
magic you obtain
it can be healing
or attack spells.
Just try to expand
your skillset.
Whatever it is, may save
the lives of your friends.
If you really want to
stand up for your familia
then you should do
whatever it takes.
Forget about what
other people think.
Let yourself be greedy
and play dirty.
Now. Time to get reading.
Then we'll start
practicing your new magic.
- Okay.
(pages rifling)
(Haruhime gasps)
(Opening Song)
(crabs growling)
- Here I go.
Kokonoe!
(magic gleams)
(dramatic music)
(crabs growling)
(warrior roars)
(explosions)
(ax slashes)
(blade clashes)
(hair swishes)
- Ya!
- Oh beloved snow.
Oh beloved crimson.
Oh beloved lights.
(warrior roars)
Choose the one who
must stay by my side,
those strong feelings
discovered after 2000 nights.
My name is Fox Spirit, a
distractor of long past.
I am the song of Desire, a
desire of long past for thee.
I shall harbor the
demon of nine within me.
Resound, golden melody.
Call forth Tamamo, the yellow
haired king of nine tails.
Oh, mystic beast.
May you consume all
and grant every wish.
- Now let them grow.
(magical force booming)
- She connected them.
- Bless the vessel of
the divine power.
- A tower of riches for
a tower of wishes.
- And then until the
tolling of the bell
(tails swishing)
I call upon glory and illusion.
Now let them grow!
(sparks crackling)
Golden light provided
by the gods.
This body has devoured
divine gifts.
With the pounding of a
mallet into the ground,
may thou be blessed with
good fortune.
(mystical music)
- Oh
(magic gleaming)
- Well, from what I can tell,
this magic spell is one
that works in conjunction
with others that
you already know.
- So hang on, is
it an enchantment?
- [Hestia] Right now, Haruhime
is capable of growing out
Five of those tales.
Hmm, which basically
means that she can cast
her Level Boost on up to
five different people now.
(dramatic music)
(sparks crackling)
- Let them grow!
(drone rising)
Uchide no Kozuchi!
(explosion booming)
(energy pulsing)
dance and whirl.
(power crashing)
- Perfect.
- Ahhh!
(Welf roaring)
- Hell yeah, lets go!
(Ax crashing)
- Ya!
(sword swishing)
(sword clanging)
(sword clashing)
(shells crack)
- Ha!
(sword spinning)
- Oh
(Haruhime hitting ground)
- Anyone know what the
hell just happened?
- Wait a second, her
magic multiplied?
- Remember what Lady Aisha said?
Keep this a secret.
It's our best chance
to get us home,
in one piece.
- Oh, hmm?
- Yah!
- Ha!
- Huh!
- Hiya!
(Sword smashing)
- [Voiceover] We managed
to bounce back
If we can keep this up, we
might get out of here alive.
Just a question of what
the Moss Huge will do.
There it is.
(Ominous music)
What the hell is it doing?
(creature growling)
(rock crashing)
Huh!
Damn it, we fell for it.
It was only after the
Magic Stones all along.
(creature growling)
(stones clinking)
(creature convulsing)
- That's bad!
(wood breaking)
(skin stretching)
(creature roaring)
(footsteps crashing)
- Hah!
(Aisha straining)
(feet sliding)
- Lady Aisha!
(punches crashing)
- [Aisha] How many times
is this thing
gonna catch us off guard?
- Damn!
(sword clanging)
(flesh squelching)
- Argh!
(blood oozing)
Ugh!
- No Lady Aisha!
(creature roaring)
(Aisha straining)
- Aha!
(creature screaming)
(Aisha gurgling)
- I really screwed up this time.
(vines stretching)
- The parasite
(creature roaring)
- Damn, ugly-ass freak
- [Welf] Move it.
Koga Burn!
(flames roar)
Gah.
(dramatic music)
- It survived that attack?
But how?
(creature growling)
- That's on undine cloth.
- How did it get that?
- Bastard stole stuff
from dead adventurers.
- This could not get any worse.
(flesh creaking)
(sword shattering)
- Huh?
- Here come the Bull Crabs!
(crabs creeping)
(insects buzzing)
(Ouka growling)
(footsteps pounding)
(creature growling)
(Aisha straining)
- Ya!
(insects buzzing)
- Hai, hai!
- Huh, huh!
- Huh, huh, huh!
(ax crashing)
(insects buzzing)
- This is bad.
- It might be the end.
(footsteps clicking)
- It's crazy she can cast
Level Boost on multiple people.
It's pretty much like
the Ishtar Familia's
wish came true.
- Funny, huh?
But we need to be extra careful
about when we decide to use it
Really, I think it's going
to be our last resort.
It could be a problem if the
scales don't start to tip
in our favor after using it.
- Agreed. That wouldn't be good.
- Well, I bet we won't
even have to use it anyway.
As long as you have Bell
and Aisha around.
I find it hard to imagine.
You guys getting into trouble.
(dramatic music)
(sword crashing)
- Yah!
(magic jingling)
- It's starting to
look pretty bad guys.
We're getting overrun.
(sword smashing)
(creatures creeping)
- Unleash soul light!
(magic gleaming)
- Huh?
- Argh!
(sword slicing)
- [Lili, Voiceover] Think, there
has to be something we can do.
As the strategist, I need to
find a way to turn this around.
- [Dormul] Get your weapons
ready, guys.
(Dormul strains)
- [Lili] Master Dormul,
you're in no condition...
- Let us help you out.
We would've died a long time ago
if you guys hadn't come
along and saved us.
- I feel the same.
I may be missing an arm,
but I can at least
act as a shield.
- I forbid it! Stay put.
(footsteps clatter)
- Just run, whenever
there's a chance.
We'll draw their attention.
- Someone has to return
to the surface.
Let them know about
that damn thing.
So focus on surviving as
many of you as possible.
- Hmm. Get moving,
Hestia Familia.
Leave us behind.
(Footsteps thud)
- Yah!
(dramatic music)
(weapons clash)
(soldiers scream)
- We are entering the
lower floors where we don't
have any experience.
That makes it harder to
predict what'll happen.
And the strategist
needs to take the worst
possible scenarios into account.
- Worst possible scenarios.
- Mm hmm. The dungeon is
a cruel tyrant.
There are going to be times
when you have to be heartless.
That being said,
I think you can make
level-headed decisions.
(somber music)
(Lili sobs)
- They're right.
We should just run.
It's far from the first time
that we've known we
were outmatched.
There's no reason
to hesitate now.
And I know that Master
Bell won't fault us for it.
Oh!
(insects buzzing)
(soldier grunting)
(energy booming)
- We are staying.
You know why?
Master Bell never abandoned
me or anyone?
He never would, he'd fight.
I must follow his example.
Listen here! It's final.
I'm not leaving any
of you here to die.
I refuse to give
up and run away.
(inspiring music)
(soldier grunts)
You hear me?
That's my duty because
I'm the supporter.
Thanks for stating the
obvious Lil Bit.
- Hah!
(sword slicing)
- [Haruhime] Lady Lili,
he's coming
- Huh?
- I can hear him.
It's Master Bell
- [Bell] Lili!
(Footsteps pounding)
- Huh?
(dramatic music)
(Bell panting)
(magic pulsing)
(stones crashing)
- Come on, take cover!
Lady Aisa, find some place safe.
(creature gurgling)
- Eat my fire bolt!
(flames roaring)
(rock smashing)
(creature screaming)
- Master Bell, he's back.
- Thank God.
- Master Bell, he's okay.
- Master Bell!
- Thank you, Lily.
(cork popping)
(Bell glugging)
- I hate to sit this
out, but it's up to you.
- Guess we're not ready to
manage without him just yet.
(wood stretching)
(creature gurgling)
(drip splashing)
- Hiya!
(sword crashing)
(punches smashing)
- [Lili] There they go.
- Isn't anybody going down
there to help him out?
- It would only get
worse if it shoots more
of those seeds and infects
whoever goes to help.
They'll only be
more of a problem.
- On one hand, you're not wrong.
But what about
shooting some arrows
or using that level
boost from earlier?
There has to be a way to help.
It just feels kind of wrong.
I mean, we can't leave
him all alone down there.
- But wait, Daphne. Take a look.
- Huh?
(sword clanking)
(creature wailing)
- I'm really confused.
I thought it powered up from
eating all those magic stones.
- It definitely did,
but it doesn't matter.
- Bell Cranel's skills
have improved to a point
even beyond that.
- Sometimes when
using level boost
I've noticed my senses are off.
Like they can't fully process
the strength of my body.
- Ugh.
- I wonder if this entire time
Master Bell has felt that too.
Perhaps while he's been down
here fighting these things
his mind and his physique
have been at odds.
- You think so?
- Sounds plausible.
Bell has leveled up a lot in
a very short amount of time.
Trouble adjusting to that is
only natural.
- So all that intense fighting
on the lower floors finally paid
off
for the little guy, didn't it?
I mean, it's almost
laughable really.
- Master Bell.
- Hah!
(Sword thudding)
Something inside of me changed
ever since that moment,
that uneasy feeling
I had has gone.
(creature growling)
(wood creaking)
(wood snapping)
(bullets firing)
(projectiles deflecting)
(creature growling)
- It's slower than the Iguazu
(fighters gasp)
(punch crashing)
And in terms of power that
Minotaur
I fought before was
way stronger than this.
I really want to beat that guy
and the next time we fight
I will win.
(energy rising)
(sword smashing)
(wood breaking)
(creature roaring)
(wood crashing)
(flesh squelching)
(creature gurgling)
(fighters gasp)
(wood creaking)
(creature roaring)
- It can still regenerate
after that.
- I really don't
like this asshole.
- This could be bad.
His magic power isn't
at its fullest anymore.
A prolonged fight
will not be good.
- He'll have to take it
out with a single strike.
(dagger tinging)
Now Fire Bolt.
(flames roaring)
(mystical music)
(creature growling)
- The flames are focused
around the knife
- An enchantment
within a weapon?
What's he doing?
- But even though it
transmits magic
well that doesn't mean it
can be magically empowered.
The blade will actually
disperse any magic
that you try to imbue it with.
- Oh man, you doing what
I think you are?
(flames roaring)
- Okay goddess
- Oh Vesta, don't
worry about it.
Seeing you in this moment just
made me feel like saying that.
It's just a symbol
of all the things
that I preside over
and a title too,
and another name
I happen to go by.
- That name of yours.
I'm borrowing it.
(creature growls)
(footsteps clatter)
- Yah!
Exits closed.
(creature roars)
- Let's end this.
(flames thunder)
Argo Vesta!
(creature roars)
- Yah!
(explosions boom)
(slow music)
(fighters cheer)
- Oh
- Chigusa
- Ouka, is that you?
- Yeah.
- Master Bell!
- Guys, er...
- Thanks a lot, Bell.
I'll miss you, shh.
(Ending Song)
- Next time, Rabbit's Foot.